this is an ABC color presentation in
dazzling red white and blue
tonight it's Jimmy Kimmel Live
intermission accomplished a halftime
tribute to talk with appearances by Will
Arnett
Paul Scheer Alyssa Milano Fred Willard
Fred Armisen
Anthony a terminate Bobby Moynihan Jeff
Ross
Josh scared Leon bridges Aloe Blacc
and Guillermo Jimmy Kimmel Live
intermission accomplished a half-time
tribute atop is brought to you by
oceanic Airlines Oceana climbed over 150
countries daily dr. mabuse's is bronzing
tonic so when you want to look like an
orange raccoon and extra tight golf
pants then you put show that much and
now here to make America
again your native-born host Jimmy Kimmel
[Applause]
I will say
our very special show intermission
accomplished a halftime tribute to Trump
we are here tonight to celebrate the
Midway mark of donald trump's first term
in office because let's be honest this
is a man who is far too humble to
celebrate himself and whether you are a
Democrat or a Republican or even a
Canadian I think we can all agree that
dr. Martin Luther King jr. would be
honored and thrilled to share this day
with this special orange man and what a
night this is gonna be we are so honored
to have so many members of trumps inner
circle here in our studio audience
tonight all the way from Washington
Senator Lindsey Graham is here with us
vice president of Pence's here with
mother don't they look great this is
exciting senator Ted Cruz brought in
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
sigh his shell and newly appointed
attorney general Flavor Flav's
it is all the scars of politics are here
as we look back on the many ways our
president has made this country great
again quick question for those of you
here in our studio audience did any of
you get attacked by an ms-13 Caravan on
your way here to the show tonight no and
guess why because of Donald
Jennifer Trump that's right this man
knows how to get things done he's done
so much but you won't hear about it from
the fake news media you can boo hear the
fake news media the news media says
Donald Trump hasn't achieved anything
and that is just plain wrong and I can
prove that it's wrong with three words
the space force that's right the u.s.
space force I have no idea what it is
but I love it
and that's not all he's done the list of
his accomplishments are endless more
than 6,000 tweets in office at least
half of those with no misspellings at
all more than a hundred days on the golf
course keeping tabs on the environment
and let's not forget the election itself
Donald Trump got 62 million votes
second-most of any presidential
candidate in 2016
[Music]
[Applause]
and he wins some more and how much do we
pay him for all this winning in the two
years since he took office our president
has taken zero dollars in salary and
he's earned every penny of that this
country the United States of America is
the box of nuggets while Donald Trump is
our dipping sauce but some people though
don't get it and to all the losers who
call him our worst president and ever
and that's what you are losers I ask you
this would the worst president ever be
able to get three doors down to play at
his inauguration I don't think so
the story of Donald Trump is well known
by now he was born the son of a poor
American flag maker from Brooklyn New
York he received a small loan of a
nickel from his father to open a fried
chicken stand and single-handedly grew
that business into a multi
trillion-dollar organization after
serving valiantly in Vietnam without
ever getting captured Trump returned for
more a hero and married his childhood
sweetheart Melania who to this day is
still the only woman he's ever had sex
with and he is a devoted family man
Trump insisted on attending every one of
Don's junior and Eric's little league
game
as a boss Donald was loved by his
employees for paying them promptly and
for his generous catchphrase yah hyah
but this man Trump had so much more to
give and he announced his candidacy for
president running on a platform of
kindness friendship and compassion KFC
[Applause]
we are so very lucky we really are to
live in this time our wonderful
president has so much love to give but
you know what they say you can't truly
love another until you love yourself and
no one loves himself more than Donald
Trump I'm smarter than they are
I'm richer than they are I became
president and they didn't I'm really
rich I'm much richer than it almost
anybody I am so smart I am the smartest
person and one of the smartest people
I've learned in the world it's true
trust me I'm like a smart person I went
to an Ivy League school
I'm very highly educated I know words I
have the best words people would say I'm
like the super genius of all time the
super genius of all time I'm a man of
great common sense
I'm a very stable genius I think we're
dudes I look graves the doctor said Ben
you have the blood pressure of a great
great athlete who's twenty years old I
can be more presidential than any
president that's ever held this office
and I'm really good at where I love war
Donald Trump is maybe the best interview
there is right the biggest ovations
society loves me nobody builds walls
better than me nobody knows the system
better than me nobody knows politicians
better than me nobody knows it better
than me nobody has better toys than I do
nobody loves the Bible more than I do
nobody's stronger and second-amendment
than me who is better than me I think I
am actually humble I think I'm much more
humble than you know yourself
you know we are beaming to you tonight
from our halftime headquarters in the
heart of Hollywood California but there
are celebrations going on all over the
world including Washington DC our
nation's capital where thousands have
gathered there's a celebration in Austin
Texas happening even internationally as
for Ben Cooper British Columbia is
hosting a celebration of course in
Detroit the Motor City things are really
happening there Pyongyang North Korea
they love him and even Bangkok city
whose name never fails to make our
president giggle and at the White House
tonight team Trump is taking a
well-deserved victory lap there's a big
party in progress and let's go there now
joining us live via satellite from
Pennsylvania Avenue say hello to
Kellyanne Conway the president hello
Kellyanne I'm sorry to interrupt but uh
hello oh hi Jimmy it's low IQ lib tart
leftist Kimmel everybody oh well that's
not hey so are you still having a party
even with the shutdown
it's the shutdown get down we just
finished a delicious dinner of whoppers
and Mick flurries are there's no chefs
left in the White House we don't need
chefs in the White House you snowflake
we don't need chefs or janitors or
toilets oh there are no toilets
we've been peeing in Michelle Obama's
vegetable garden oh come on now doctor
just get me a drink who is George you
know my husband George
oh yes George he's actually very
outspoken against the president not
tonight he's not oh wow hi George
you chubby little why Fitz
why is George wearing a ball gag is that
to keep him quiet it's a sex thing Jimmy
George and I are voracious and
experimental lover I'm sorry I asked
okay Lester get the back-up generator
all right Kellyanne when do you think
this shutdown will be over because it
seems like maybe we shouldn't Eliane we
just lost power Oh No
let's get turnt oh I don't know
what's going on there but it looks like
they're having fun thank you for joining
us Kelly Ann you know we are now on day
31 of Donald Trump's big beautiful
government shutdown and each night to
fight back against the Schumer's and the
Pelosi's we have been giving jobs here
at the show to federal workers who
aren't getting paid in our unpaid
federal worker of the night tonight is
Carla Braz well hello Carla what is that
you do for the government I work for the
National Archives and Records
Administration I'm an archivist at the
Richard Nixon Presidential Library and
Museum
very good so what are we back what we
would like you to do tonight is to
organize our Presidential Library we've
got all the books about Trump right
there on one bookshelf and you can see
it goes all the way from part of the
deal to full disclosure by stormy
Daniels and that one has a great
mushroom recipe by the way but if you
would go ahead and do whatever you do
will you do it alphabetically how will
you arrange them whatever you like I can
do them alphabetically I could do
Library of Congress numbers Dewey
Decimal System
yes let's go Dewey Decimal System time
to put that back in the spotlight you
got all right thank you very much Carl
Oh we'll be organizing our buck
we continue to look back fondly at the
last couple of years you know we're
lucky to have an audience tonight I
don't know if you noticed but one of the
most memorable personalities from the
election in 2016 this is a man who set
the world on fire with indecision and he
joins us tonight ladies and gentlemen
the one and only Ken Bowen is here
hey it's great to be it's great to be
here Jim and based on the look your
sweater I guess we now know who you
ended up voting for
oh no this no no I didn't vote for
Donald Trump no oh really you didn't
yeah no I I got panicked and I and I
wrote in a vote for Papa John that ended
up being a big mistake
yeah yes it did I guess so yeah yeah but
I'll tell you who I'm gonna vote for in
two thousand two and zero the greatest
president of all time Donald J Trump
that's correct that's presented that's
an excellent choice what makes you sure
though about Trump this time around Ohio
Trump everything donut Jimmy I'm a
celebrity now people recognize me on
this street they buy me sweater oh yeah
I was even offered to play a pedophile
on SVU oh I've got to act opposite my
favorite cold beverage iced tea oh well
that's that all sounds like a lot of fun
Kim but it also seems like that stuff
has more to do with the fact that you
are an interesting character and very
little to do with President Trump well
hold the bone are you saying that people
love me because of me yeah I guess that
is what I'm saying yeah well that
changes everything Jim does it change
who you're gonna be planning to vote for
next time yeah it sure does I'm planning
I'm voting for me
you're gonna vote for your skier gonna
run for president oh yeah little room
for president it's time to make America
bone again
nah okay I think I like the sentiment I
think the slogan itself might lead meet
a little bit of work how about how about
hey America prepare to get bone well no
absolutely not okay what about this guy
feel the bone that's a little something
needs to be a little maybe something
more yeah okay what about yes you know
what about yes we can yeah well that's
better but can I actually have to move
on we got a big show plan we got a lot
of people perfect Jimmy I got a move on
- I got a start campaign
okay thank you thank you so much you've
got a bone to pick
I like that
[Applause]
and everybody time to cut loose we're
gonna have it's time to have some fun
tonight we are quite literally singing
the president's praises and here now all
the way from Salt Lake City Utah an
enthusiastic group of young people who
are ready to make America groove again
with a musical salute to our
commander-in-chief please welcome up
with Trump
[Applause]
[Music]
like at most one
[Applause]
like a book can't see love you even more
and my son's fortune
[Music]
[Applause]
like a snowflake sleep click the maggots
in
[Music]
and now white
yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
Wow are they terrific what a show so far
and we've got so much more to come on
intermission accomplished a halftime
tribute to trump stick around we'll be
right back
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you want to see
all our latest videos click the
subscribe button and if you don't click
anyway and close your eyes when they
come on